Data used in:

###### NEED TO PUT THE TITLE IN HERE ONCE WE UPDATE IT ####

Selina A. Ruzi and Andrew V. Suarez.

Published in #### WHERE ARE WE SUBMITTING IT TO/ GETTING IT PUBLISHED ####

Demographic information of the Ectatomma ruidum colonies wax casted. Used to 

1. Number of variables: 30
2. Number of cases/rows: 78
3. Variable List: 
Chamber: which chamber in the wax caste the data is referring to. Shallower chambers have lower numbers
Depth: the depth of the chamber. Chamber depths were measured as the distance from the soil surface to the bottom of the chamber.
Colony: what colony the data is from
Egg.percent: what percentage of the eggs found in the colony are found in that chamber 
Egg.present: whether eggs were present in that chamber
Egg.num: how many eggs were present in that chamber
Larvae.percent: what percentage of the larvae found in the colony are found in that chamber
Larvae.present: whether larvae were present in that chamber
Larvae.num: how many larvae were present in that chamber
Pupae.percent   : what percentage of the pupae found in the colony are found in that chamber
Pupae.present: whether pupae were present in that chamber
Pupae.num: how many pupae were present in that chamber
Worker.percent: what percentage of the workers found in the colony are found in that chamber
Worker.present: whether workers were present in that chamber
Worker.num: how many workers were present in that chamber
Queen.percent: what percentage of the queens found in the colony are found in that chamber
Queen.present: whether queens were present in that chamber
Queen.num: how many queens were present in that chamber
Male.percent: what percentage of the males found in the colony are found in that chamber
Male.present: whether males were present in that chamber
Male.num: how many males were present in that chamber
Alate.percent: what percentage of the alates found in the colony are found in that chamber
Alate.present: whether alates were present in that chamber
Alate.num: how many alates were present in that chamber
Seed.percent    : what percentage of the seeds (not Zanthoxylum ekmanii) found in the colony are found in that chamber
Seed.present: whether seeds (not Zanthoxylum ekmanii) were present in that chamber
Seed.num: how many seeds (not Zanthoxylum ekmanii) were present in that chamber
ZAEKseed.percent: what percentage of the Zanthoxylum ekmanii seeds found in the colony are found in that chamber
ZAEKseed.present: whether Zanthoxylum ekmanii seeds were present in that chamber
ZAEKseed.num: how many Zanthoxylum ekmanii were present in that chamber