Data used in:

Seed fate in ant-mediated dispersal: Seed dispersal effectiveness in the Ectatomma ruidum (Formicidae) – Zanthoxylum ekmanii (Rutaceae) system

Selina A. Ruzi and Andrew V. Suarez.

Published in Biotropica

The two hour seed removal file is used to determine if seed removal varied across years. It includes reanalyzing data collected by Ruzi et al. (2017,2021) in the 2013 dry season as well as data collected in the current study. In 2013, seed caches consisted of 10 seeds and additional caches of other tree species were placed at 1m intervals. The leaf litter was not cleared beforehand and the area was not baited to encourage ant interaction in the area. In 2015 and 2016 which reprsents data from the current study, seed caches consisted of 5 seeds each. There were no other tree species represented at caches nearby. A portion of the leaf litter was cleared and ants were encouraged to return to the area using baits prior to placing the seed cache.

1. Number of variables: 12
2. Number of cases/rows: 51
3. Variable List: 
site: the site at which the seed cache was placed. There are five sites at which seed caches were placed in both years sampled.
rep_num: what replicate at that site the seed cache was. The replicate numbers repeat between years.
seed_color: what color paint was applied to the seed in order to track individual seeds
distance_cm: the straight line distance Ectatomma ruidum workers moved seeds
destination: where the seed was deposited or whether the seed was lost
ant_species: the ant species that moved the seed. In this dataset only Ectatomma ruidum is considered
num_foragers: how many Ectatomma ruidum forgers or workers moved the seed. Typically only one worker is needed to move a seed but occasionally there were more than one.
movement_num: which movement the observation belongs to. Can be one, two, or three as three was the highest movement recorded
year: the year in which the sampling took place
ID: combination of year and movement_num separated by a "."
colony_letter: distinct letters are given to different Ectatomma ruidum colonies within each trial date that took seeds
plot_side: the side of the plot (i.e. site) that seeds were placed at